tonight I come to you with a pledge to
change America's policy atrocity and
terror are not political weapons and to
those who would use them your day is
over begin a speech tonight in Moscow
the President issued a direct challenge
to terrorists nation mr. question
remains what are the risks involved in
such a bold policy initiative they hated
your speech didn't they were afraid we
one of the guts to back it up
Air Force one clear for takeoff thank
you for your hospitality Moscow
[Music]
the president's plane Air Force One has
been hijacked what they want general
Radek released from prison I will
execute the hostage every half an hour
well not go she ate his wife his
daughter I think you ill National
Security Advisor has been executed
you just bought you another half hour
sir a parachute
I'm not leaving without my family for
him I'm the President of the United
States Jim isn't making this decision as
a president he's making it as a husband
and a father
let's not forget this president is a
Medal of Honor winner he has no right to
take chances with his life
we cannot give in to their demands we've
got a job to do makes me so proud mr.
president did you stuck with us
you know your father he has also
we're tracking six mix I'm sending in
our f-15s to protect you my family don't
ask me for something I can't care
[Music]